---
title: "PCC Speaker Series: w/ Kinga Stanislawska & Marta Krupinska"
summary: "On 13th May, we will be hosting a Google Hangout with two outstanding individuals: Kinga Stanislawska (Managing Partner, Experior Venture Fund) and Marta Krupinska (Head, Google for Startups UK)."
description: "On 13th May, we will be hosting a Google Hangout with two outstanding individuals: Kinga Stanislawska (Managing Partner, Experior Venture Fund) and Marta Krupinska (Head, Google for Startups UK)."
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/k-stanislawska-m-krupinska.jpeg'
type: page
upcoming: "false"
date: "2020-05-13"
---

On 13th May, we will be hosting a Google Hangout with two outstanding individuals: Kinga Stanislawska (Managing Partner, Experior Venture Fund) and Marta Krupinska (Head, Google for Startups UK).

Kinga has been working in investments, banking and finance for the past 20 years. She actively supports portfolio companies in value creation, strategic initiatives and fundraising processes, working closely with EVF portfolio companies. She sits on the boards of Tourmedica, Tylko, Cosmose from the fund’s portfolio.

Prior to EVF, she was the Global Head of TMT at Raiffeisen Investment in Vienna from 2007 to 2009. Kinga started her career in banking at Salomon Smith Barney (Citigroup, London) and followed on to become a Manager in Equity Capital Markets team of ING Barings, with responsibility for the EMEA region. In 2001-2007 she was a Principal Banker at European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (London and Warsaw), where she led investment and financing projects across the TMT and infrastructure sectors. She was responsible for supervising selected assets of EBRD’s equity portfolio.

Kinga is the Vice President of the Polish PE Funds Association (PSIK). She is active in supporting women led companies – Kinga is a mentor in Vital Voices and Foundation for Women Entrepreneurship. In 2017 and in 2018, Kinga was named one of the TOP 50 of Europe’s most influential women in the start-up and venture capital space. In 2018, she was named on the list of top 50 women in tech in Europe by Forbes.

Marta is a serial tech entrepreneur. In 2012, she cofounded Azimo, an international money transfer platform, which during her time at the company raised over US$70 million. She later cofounded FreeUp, a fintech which aims to revolutionise the way salaries are paid by offering salary advance services, allowing employees to receive early payment for earned wages at no extra cost. Last year, Marta completed a successful exit with FreeUp’s sale to Greensill, a finance firm backed by SoftBank.

Since 2018, Marta has been heading Google for Startups UK, helping generate and educate the next generation of founders. She is particularly passionate about ushering in more diversity into the startup community and is a champion for Women in Tech.

In 2016, she has been named on Forbes’ European 30 Under 30 list in the finance division.
