---
title: "PCC Speaker Series: w/ Dr Beata Javorcik & Dr Marcin Piatkowski"
summary: "On 10th June, in cooperation with the Embassy of the Republic of Poland in London, we will be hosting an online event with two preeminent economists, Dr Beata Javorcik (EBRD) and Dr Marcin Piatkowski (World Bank)."
description: "On 10th June, in cooperation with the Embassy of the Republic of Poland in London, we will be hosting an online event with two preeminent economists, Dr Beata Javorcik (EBRD) and Dr Marcin Piatkowski (World Bank)."
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/jav_piat.jpeg'
upcoming: 'true'
type: page
---

On 10th June, in cooperation with the Embassy of the Republic of Poland in London, we will be hosting an online event with two preeminent economists, Dr Beata Javorcik (EBRD) and Dr Marcin Piatkowski (World Bank).

We will discuss how the pandemic has reshaped, and will continue to shape, the monetary and fiscal policies of countries around the globe as well as the relationship between the public and private sectors. We will also cover its impact on globalisation & international trade and the role that multilateral organisations (like EBRD and WB) have to play going forward. It promises to be an informative and fascinating conversation!

Dr Beata Javorcik is the Chief Economist at the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). She is responsible for advising the President and other senior members of the Bank’s management team on economic issues of strategic or operational relevance to the EBRD regions.

Dr Javorcik provides thought leadership inside and outside of the EBRD on economic issues related to the Bank’s work in the countries where it works. Her Office’s role is also to ensure that EBRD is at the forefront of understanding the economic and strategic challenges facing the Bank’s regions and to help the Bank formulate effective policy responses.

Dr Javorcik is on leave from the University of Oxford, where she holds a Statutory Professorship in Economics (the first woman in this position) and is a Fellow of All Souls College. She is a member of the Royal Economic Society’s Executive Committee and a Director of the International Trade Programme at the Centre for Economic Policy Research in London. She holds a Ph.D. in Economics from Yale and a B.A. in Economics (Summa cum Laude) from the University of Rochester.

Before taking up her position at Oxford University, she worked at the World Bank in Washington DC, where she focussed on research, lending operations and policy advice.

Dr Marcin Piatkowski is a Senior Economist at the World Bank’s office in Beijing, where he works with the government of China and Mongolia to improve the business environment, promote innovation and support green development. Before moving to Beijing, he led Bank projects in the Philippines, China, Poland, Ukraine and Latvia.

Prior to joining the Bank in 2008, he was Chief Economist and Managing Director of PKO BP, the largest bank in Poland, economist in the European Department of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and Advisor to IMF's Executive Director. He also served as Advisor to Poland's Deputy Premier and Minister of Finance. Since 2000, he has been Professor of Economics at Kozminski University in Warsaw, where he taught macroeconomics and global finance.

Dr Piatkowski holds a Ph.D. in Economics from Kozminski University and M.A. in Finance and Banking summa cum laude from the Warsaw School of Economics. He was a visiting scholar at Harvard University, London Business School and OECD Development Centre.

He is the author of an international bestseller on “Europe’s Growth Champion. Insights from the Economic Rise of Poland” published by Oxford University Press in 2018. He is the founder of the “Save on Travel to Help the Poor” initiative, which encourages international institutions to provide staff with an option to switch air travel from business to economy and use the savings to fight poverty.
