---
title: "PCC Speaker Series w/ Prof Sir Leszek Borysiewicz & Prof Karol Sikora"
summary: "On 1st July 2020, in cooperation with the Economic Section of the Polish Embassy in London, we will be hosting an online event with two leading experts in the fields of immunology and oncology who will share with us their insights on the COVID-19 crisis and their perspective on the post-COVID world."
description: "On 1st July 2020, in cooperation with the Economic Section of the Polish Embassy in London, we will be hosting an online event with two leading experts in the fields of immunology and oncology who will share with us their insights on the COVID-19 crisis and their perspective on the post-COVID world."
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/jav_piat.jpeg'
upcoming: 'false'
type: page
date: "2020-07-01"
yt_video: "9_Zwo9GYpac"
show_video: true
---

{{<youtube id="9_Zwo9GYpac">}}

On 1st July 2020, in cooperation with the Economic Section of the Polish Embassy in London, we will be hosting an online event with two leading experts in the fields of immunology and oncology who will share with us their insights on the COVID-19 crisis and their perspective on the post-COVID world.

We will aim to discuss the following issues: (i) based on what we know so far, what can we expect with regard to the spread and management of the pandemic for the remainder of 2020; (ii) what are the critical success factors to ensure that 2021 will not be a repeat of this year (including when can we expect a vaccine to be developed and then rolled out on a mass scale); (iii) how can we protect ourselves more effectively against future outbreaks of other virus strains; and (iv) what will be the long-term consequences of the pandemic for the healthcare and medical sectors more generally.

Professor Sir Leszek Borysiewicz FRS MA PhD FRCP FMedSci

Sir Leszek is the Chair of Cancer Research UK.

Following a distinguished academic and clinical research career and prior to his appointment as Vice-Chancellor at the University of Cambridge in 2010, Sir Leszek’s roles included Chief Executive of the Medical Research Council and Deputy Rector of Imperial College London. He was also a founding Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences.

His work in vaccines included Europe’s first trial of a therapeutic vaccine for human papillomavirus to treat cervical cancer, research conducted at the University of Cardiff and funded by Cancer Research UK. He also serves on the board of UKRI, the governing board of The Courtauld Institute of Art and on the Council of the Royal Society.

He was knighted in 2001 for his pioneering work in vaccines.

Professor Karol Sikora MA MBBChir PhD FRCR FRCP FFPM

Professor Sikora is the Dean of University of Buckingham Medical School and Medical Director of Rutherford Health.

Professor Sikora studied medical science and biochemistry at Cambridge, where he obtained a double first. After clinical training he became a house physician at The Middlesex Hospital and registrar in oncology at St Bartholomew’s Hospital. He later became a research student at the MRC Laboratory for Molecular Biology in Cambridge working with Nobel Prize winner, Dr Sydney Brenner. He obtained his PhD and became a clinical fellow at Stanford University, California before returning to direct the Ludwig Institute in Cambridge.

He has been Clinical Director for Cancer Services at Hammersmith for 12 years and established a major cancer research laboratory there funded by the Imperial Cancer Research Fund. He chaired Help Hammer Cancer, an appeal that raised £8m towards the construction of the new Cancer Centre at Hammersmith. He became Deputy Director (Clinical Research) of the ICRF. From 1997 to 1999 he was Chief of the WHO Cancer Program and from 1999 to 2002, Vice President, Global Clinical Research (Oncology) at Pharmacia Corporation.

He has published over 300 papers and written or edited 20 books and is on the editorial board of several journals and is the founding editor of Gene Therapy and Cancer Strategy. He was a member of the UK Health Department’s Expert Advisory Group on Cancer (the Calman-Hine Committee), the Committee on Safety of Medicines and remains an adviser to the WHO. He currently directs a cancer drug donation program in Africa.
