---
title: "PCC Debate - climate change & energy transition in the times of COVID"
summary: "Climate change, net-zero emissions, energy transition - where do we go from here? Join us to hear from preeminent experts and find out!"
description: "Climate change, net-zero emissions, energy transition - where do we go from here? Join us to hear from preeminent experts and find out!"
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/jav_piat.jpeg'
upcoming: 'false'
type: page
date: "2020-09-01"
yt_video: "pyZVWe60-WE"
show_video: true
---

{{<youtube id="pyZVWe60-WE">}}


On Tue, 22nd Sept 2020, we will be hosting a fascinating line-up of speakers to discuss the pandemic's impact on the fight against climate change as well as the commitment of states & businesses to the energy transition and achievement of net-zero emissions.

Grzegorz Gorski, COO of OW Ocean Winds, has a Ph.D. in Environmental Engineering. He is a lecturer at Politechnika Slaska (Silesian Technical University) and was founder and CEO of CITEC Ltd, which he later sold to Tractebel, where he worked for eight years. He later became the CEO of Electrabel Polska for six years. In 2012 he was appointed to Head of Energy Operations in Central and Eastern Europe at GDF Suez. He was appointed Executive Vice-President of Innovation, Marketing and New Business at ENGIE in 2014. In 2017 he became Managing Director of Centralized Power Generation at ENGIE where he was responsible for the fleet management of +100GW of renewable and thermal power assets globally as well as capital allocation.

Hannah Bronwin, Executive Director of Energy Systems Catapult, joined the organisation in September 2019 in the newly created role of Commercial Director. Prior to that she was Deputy Director responsible for Nuclear Financing at the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, where she oversaw the departments’ work on assessing a new approach to funding and financing GW-scale new nuclear. Previously Hannah spent 10 years at leading law firm, Linklaters, advising on energy projects in the UK and internationally. She structured and executed complex deals to deliver energy and infrastructure projects in the UK and globally, working with the private sector and government.

Michal Kolodziejczyk, President of Equinor Poland, oversees all investments and operations of the company in the country (including its JV with Polenergia relating to the development of offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea). Prior to that he was leading the business development for Equinor's New Energy Solutions department. Previously Michal was the head of the project finance division at Statoil's JV with Gazprom and Total in Russia with responsibility for the Shtokman field, one the world's largest natural gas fields.