---
title: "PCC Event with Ania Lichota Executive Coach & AGM"
summary: "On 20th June we will start with our Annual General Meeting."
description: "On 20th June we will start with our Annual General Meeting."
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/anna-lichota.jpeg'
type: page
upcoming: false
---

Tickets at [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/pcc-event-with-greg-hands-mp-tickets-62204471248)

At 6:30pm on 20th June we will start with our Annual General Meeting. The main point on the agenda will be the election of the new President of the Club, as Jakub Molski will be leaving his post after 4 years. It will also be a good opportunity to discuss the plans for the next years and how you can contribute to the Club.

NB: Only fully paid mambers have the right to vote.

From 7:30pm we will start the meeting with Ania LIchota.

Theme of the evening?

Career, high mountains and peace. 
Yes I wanted it ALL.

Ania with plenty of energy and enthusiasm will tell the tale of her life and transformation from a shy, good, catholic girl from Szczecin into an internationally renowned executive coach and inspirational speaker, who with charisma takes others on unexpected journeys. She will talk about her high flying career, climbing the 7 Summits + other extreme adventures and achieving the perfect balance of life.
She will share with total honesty how the ego, pride and ignorance hindered her growth in every direction and where life's surprising lessons helped to achieve equanimity and expedited her into totally unexpected planes of achievement, success and zen.

Ania loves interaction and being quizzed. Come with questions you never dared to ask.