---
title: "Meeting with Zbigniew Jagiello, CEO of Bank PKO BP"
summary: "On 24th September we will have the pleasure of speaking to Zbigniew Jagiello"
description: "On 24th September we will have the pleasure of speaking to Zbigniew Jagiello"
omit_header_text: true
featured_image: '/images/bg-1.jpeg'
featured_image_main: '/images/zbigniew-jagiello.jpeg'
type: page
upcoming: "false"
---

Tickets at [Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/meeting-with-zbigniew-jagiello-ceo-of-bank-pko-bp-tickets-72052297361)

Zbigniew Jagiełło has been the Chairman and CEO of PKO Bank Polski since October 2009. Earlier, for nearly nine years he had been the President of Pioneer Pekao TFI S.A. Management Board. He was also responsible, within the global structure of Pioneer Investments, for the CEE region distribution.

In his twenty-year long career in the financial markets he can be credited, among other things, with:

- Successfully steering PKO Bank Polski through the critical period of turmoil in the international financial markets, while strengthening the Bank’s position of leadership in terms of assets, equity funds and earnings in Poland and the CEE region;

- Development and implementation of the PKO Bank Polski’s strategies for the years 2010-2012 and 2013-2015, which resulted in strong assets growth and efficiency gains as well as in increased interest in the company among domestic and international investors;

- Adjustment of PKO Bank Polski to the requirements of the ever more competitive financial market through increased attractiveness of its product offer and quality of its customer service;

- Refocusing of the PKO Bank Polski Group’s operational model toward its core activity of providing financial services.

Mr Jagiełło is actively involved in development and promotion of the most demanding financial market standards in Poland. He is a member of the Council of the Polish Bank Association and of the prestigious Institut International D’Etudes Bancaires, which brings together the international banking community. His previous functions included, among others, that of the Chairman of the Chamber of Fund and Asset Management.

A graduate of the School of Computer Science and Management Wrocław Technical University, he also completed Postgraduate Management Studies at the Gdańsk Foundation for Management Development and the University of Gdańsk, with Executive MBA certified by the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University.